beautiful all youtube friends guys
here we are from fifa lol who speaks to you
I'm france and here we are on the fourth
rhode division one episode
as you can see we would have against one
strong enough team in attack but
poor in defense and poor midfield
practically cia palacio which is a lot
strong lorenzo insigne that agile e
giuseppe rossi
and today I have very little understanding
I have a different team with the tip
sacrosanto moscardelli boys and e
now you will see that either you start boys and
moscardelli moscardelli still sees things
su cossu consumed a sinful parade in the Bari area
alvarez 2 alvarez the shot after the parade
a big dribbling attention reds
he still Red shooting goals 1 0
so good sad that the fly
here it is in the fly and takes out 1 moscardelli
moscardelli moscardelli mom cossu
let's try to beat it a little longer for
Moscardelli
the parade and then bonucci at the fortieth
leonardo bonucci guys great shot of
head of mosses also the
parade but then the defender juventino la
put in guys we also earn
a terrific shooting trophy still co up
cossu that puts it in the middle there
I don't believe the little crossbar
the red ration still pity vice goal
insignia attention is good and goes to fans
gala rodrigo palacio in the 59th
fear while at 1 alvarez alvarez he sees
in the middle of muskets and goals from
moscardelli gol di moscardelli ragazzi
a great header to the 68th
reopen the game very carefully
that there is a gargano that snaps gargano
gargano
the deadly parade of this goalkeeper
attention we try to put it with cost
in the midst, however, of the Bari alvarez
I still don't believe in another
polo but I can't believe it now but
what a fucking pomp here we see
one beating try Moscardelli cardelli
parade the parade again
beware really so attention e
half for bonucci yet another parade
I can't believe it, let's do it good
we expand so ok nice for kone that
sees well with a fantastic goal a
fantastic goal to fly cossu but that
goal that gives the boys ends
here guys the game and unfortunately a
between three but how did you see guys
almost certainly he deserved it
you guys do n't like it
let's try to see an excellent ittiri like
you see 19 shots fifa lola and 9 shots i
another 15 of rio and he 7 in the door boys
okay bad luck and bad luck
I invite you as always to put a
nice I like 9 meanwhile little boxes
I invite myself as it seems to put a nice one
I like this video to subscribe to
our channel if you want and two games
therefore remained gone to the next
episode we will try to promote e
here the scared the all enroll
beautiful and come to see the next one
episode
Hi everyone